Hey, why would Mengmeng not want to?
Right, Mengmeng?
Yes of course
Then you should call the president of the night market now
Wow
Mengmeng, what do you mean?
You didn't mean after being with me
Is the night market group ours?
Why don't you even give up an invitation letter now?
No.
You? Who are you?
I was ordered to deliver the invitation
Is it the tenth anniversary dinner?
I see
Oops, our company is saved.
Great, great.
I said Mengmeng won't care about us?
Hahaha Mengmeng
You sent someone to deliver it
I talked to the new CEO last night
I didn't expect him to deliver so slowly.
Mengmeng, I blamed you just now.
That's okay.
We'll go with Auntie then. Okay.
Let's go together
Son, look at this performance
As expected of the largest enterprise in the country
How grand are you?
You see a lot of rich people and officials there
Mengmeng, which table are we sitting at?
After all, I'm out for a picnic
It's okay to be low-key
The harder it is to be found if you cross it.
Let's sit away
Quiet is not
How can that work?
Academic plus daughter
You should be the master of dreams
Don't you dislike it?
I'll embarrass you with Zhiyuan
No, no, then call the shots
So that I can show my leaves
The identity of the future son-in-law
That's right, oh